hi guys i hope you're doing well today
i'm going to talk to you about guy with
Hogarth's or I'll go with Hogarth's
whichever way you prefer Bob's chocolate
flake tobacco about it in bulk form and
I put it in a old tin that I had this is
the tobacco comes in very very nice
flakes of varying color and of proper
humidity which makes it pack very nicely
it comprises of eight percent Latakia
Brazilian Zimbabwe and Malawi Virginia's
which account for eighty-two percent of
the tobacco eight percent malawi Sun
cured whatever that is and also two
percent malawi barley it has a cocoa
casing and chocolate top flavoring and I
think it also has some other flavors
like vanillas and such now it is for
what I've seen arrahman that was
supposed to be an aromatic plant and it
is an aromatic blend I don't know
specifically where to put it as in could
be considered an English blend it does
have a significant portion of Virginia's
and Latakia and some Latakia I would say
that most possibly I would consider it a
Scottish blend because it has less
luckier than the usual English plans
the more dominant Virginia's and no
oriental so I would say that it's more
of a Scottish plant nonetheless it's
part of the big family of aromatics now
about the tobacco itself and how it
tastes well can be a bit confusing at
the beginning all those different tastes
that it has overlap one another at the
beginning and it takes quite some
patience and quite a few balls in order
to start figuring out this tobacco and
it does have as I said proper humidity
and it does bring some of that Lakeland
flower flower eNOS and nuttiness which I
figured out that is there after six or
seven bowls it gives great sweetness
from the Virginia's and let the key is
definitely there it burns rather warmish
and I'm not so sure really about the
room note I haven't figured that out yet
now be a small amount of burly which is
which accounts as I said for a two
percent of the whole plant I think it
offers it is the one that offers a bit
more of a nicotine kick and also rounds
the taste of the tobacco nicely after of
course you have figured out what's going
on it is a good is it is a good
all-round aromatic blend
it's a nice very quite a sweet tobacco
of medium strength and a full flavor it
does take some getting used to it does
take some search and it will reward you
with different experiences different
tastes along the way it might be a bit
frustrating in the beginning but I think
it's one of those cases that it's worth
the effort and it's worth the search and
it makes a whole thing more interesting
it is good all round sweet blend so if
you come across it give it a shot and
bulk for my finger it's also so it's
also been sold in packs of 25 grams as
well so it's worth a try give it a shot
there are people out there that love it
as far as I'm concerned for the time
being and I enjoy it and I like it quite
a lot time will tell whether it's going
to become one of my regulars or not so
give it a shot and make sure that you
enjoy yourselves thanks for watching